OBJECTION HANDLING 

This document is outlining various situations and objections, along with the corresponding responses to each. Melbourne Capital Group is based in Bangsar South at the UOA Corporate Tower. 

Objection: I have an advisor/ I have investments in place
Answer: That’s great//to know just to let you know/with all due respect we’re not really trying to change anything you already have but just to see if we can add a bit more value to your existing portfolio. And ofc even after sitting down with our advisor if you decide not to do anything at the moment, it is a non-obligatory call really, but you can always use us as a future reference, right? 

Objection: I don’t have time to discuss// This is not the right time. 
Answer: No worries, when would be a better time to give you a call and have a quick conversation? 

Objection: I have no money 
Answer: No worries, but I am sure you’d wanna build up your wealth and this is where we expertise. We help expatriates living in ML with growing and protecting their wealth. So, it would be good/great to have an initial conversation with one of our senior consultants just to know where you’re at and what are the options to get to where you wanna be. 

Objection: Is this about finance? Are you guys working in finance? 
Answer: No, although that’s predominantly what we do. I was calling you about international health and life insurance. 

Prospect: send me some information  
Answer: No worries, I can send you some information after this call but just to let you know that is going to be very generic information and all our solutions are bespoke and tailored for each individual’s needs. What I would suggest is, let’s schedule an initial conversation over teams with (consultant name) and I will send you our company brochure and market outlook report for you to have a look at. I’ll also call you towards the end of the week to follow up, how does that sound? 

Prospect: I’m not interested right now
Answer: Is it okay if I make a note and pop up a message again in 6 months, just to see if anything changes?
